Features Implemented:
SMTP Backend Management:
Add and manage multiple SMTP accounts (Gmail, Outlook, etc.).
The system automatically rotates through all active email accounts to distribute the load.
Supports custom ports, TLS, and SSL settings.
Flexible Recipient Import:
CSV Upload: Upload a CSV file with 
email
 and name columns. Any additional columns (like city, company) are saved and can be used as placeholders.
Manual Input: Paste a list of emails directly into the dashboard.
Custom Content with Placeholders:
Use {{ name }} and {{ email }} in your email body.
The system dynamically renders the content for each person before sending.
Supports full Markdown or HTML content.
Background Sending & Monitoring:
Emails are sent in the background so you don't have to stay on the page.
Gap Timing: Set a custom gap (in minutes) between emails to prevent being flagged as spam.
Real-time Progress: Track how many emails were sent, how many failed, and how many are pending.
Full Records: Every recipient's status (Sent/Failed/Pending) and error messages are saved for your review.
How to Use:
Run Migrations: Since I've created new database models, you need to run these commands:
bash
python manage.py makemigrations mail
python manage.py migrate
Add SMTP Accounts: Go to the "Mail Sender" link in the navigation bar and click "Manage SMTP Accounts". Add your 15+ email credentials there.
Start a Campaign: Click "Create New Campaign", enter your subject and body (using {{ name }}), upload your CSV, and set the gap minutes.
Monitor Progress: Once you click "Create & Start", you'll be taken to the campaign status page where you can see the progress live and pause/resume as needed.
The interface matches the premium look of your Scrapper dashboard, using the same color palette and responsive design.



The email system works as a "Background Automation Engine". It is designed to handle large volumes of emails without slowing down your computer or your website.

Here is the step-by-step breakdown of how it functions:

1. Data Intake (Input Stage)
When you upload a CSV or paste emails:

The Parser: The system looks for the 
email
 and name columns first.
The Storage: Every person is saved as a "Recipient" in your database, linked to your "Campaign".
Placeholder Mapping: If your CSV has extra columns (like city or specialty), the system saves that data as "Custom Data" so you can use it in your email body using {{ city }}.
2. Background Processing (The "Worker")
This is the most important part. When you click "Start":

Threading: The system starts a separate "Thread" (a background worker) on your server. This means the emails keep sending even if you close your browser or turn off your screen.
Queuing: The worker looks at the "Pending" list of recipients and starts processing them one by one.
3. SMTP Rotation (Avoiding Spams/Limits)
To help you scale to 15+ email accounts:

Round-Robin Logic: For every email sent, the system picks the next SMTP account from your "Active" list.
Example:
Email 1 → Goes through Account_A
Email 2 → Goes through Account_B
...and so on.
This ensures that no single email account hits its daily limit too quickly, which protects your sender reputation.
4. Template Rendering (Personalization)
Right before an email is sent:

The system takes your "Email Body" and runs it through a Template Engine.
It replaces tags like {{ name }} with the actual name of that specific recipient.
It then connects to the chosen SMTP server and delivers the customized message.
5. The "Gap" Logic (Timing)
The system checks your "Gap Minutes" setting.
After sending one email, the background worker "Sleeps" for that amount of time before moving to the next person.
This makes your sending pattern look human and natural, which is the best way to avoid being marked as spam.
6. Real-Time Monitoring
The Campaign Detail page you see uses a "heartbeat" (JavaScript interval).
Every 5 seconds, it asks the server: "How many are sent now? How many failed?"
It then updates your Progress Bar and Stats Cards live so you can watch your outreach happening in real-time.
In short: You give it the data and the accounts, and the background worker takes care of the slow, repetitive work of sending and waiting, while you focus on other tasks.